[WHOOSH]
>> Hi, I'm Sophie from
the House of Wellbeing.
In our "Relationships Guided
Meditation and Hypnotherapy
Series," you'll find audios to
help you improve your existing
relationships, to help you
deal with any loss, perhaps
bereavement, or
getting over an ex,
as well as confidence
to come out,
confidence with
dating in general,
or overcoming sexual
performance anxiety.
All of our audios are slightly
different to just meditation
alone, because we
use a combination
of powerful therapeutic
tools, including
cognitive behavioral therapy,
neurolinguistic therapy,
visualization, and of
course, hypnotherapy.
And it's that combination
of all of those tools
put together which
makes them so powerful
to get rid of the
negative thinking patterns
and instead, replace with
positive thinking patterns.
When you listen to
our audios, you'll
be put into a deep
state of relaxation.
And that's a state that's
really familiar to you.
It's the same
state of relaxation
you go into as you fall asleep.
So it's a really natural
state and it's really safe.
When you're in
that relaxed state,
you go through the
theta brainwave state,
and that means we can
bypass your conscious mind
and instead talk directly
to your subconscious mind.
And that's really important.
Your subconscious
mind is the place
that holds all your permanent
thinking, your beliefs,
your habits, and memories.
So we want to get into
your subconscious mind
to really make those changes.
And we're then able to
retrain, reframe, and rewire
your thinking, meaning
we can eliminate
any of those unwanted fears
or negative thinking patterns.
And instead, we can replace
them with empowering
positive, long-lasting,
powerful changes.
We recommend that you
listen to our audios
at least four times
so you can override
those old negative
thinking patterns
and really compound
the positivity
and create new positive
neural pathways.
And you should soon
start to see changes
in the way you think
and feel about an issue.
When you listen
to our audios, you
can listen to them at
any time of day or night.
But we suggest that
you don't listen
to them when you're too tired.
Because if you fall into
a deep state of sleep,
then your subconscious mind
just won't be listening.
Please make sure that when
you listen to our audios,
you're free from
any distractions.
Please don't listen to
them when you're actively
doing anything, such as
driving or operating machinery.
We just want you to be lovely
and comfortable and just really
relaxed, but free
from interruptions.
If there's an emergency and you
need to come out of hypnosis,
that's no problem.
That's absolutely fine.
Your subconscious
mind will alert you
and you'll easily
come out of hypnosis.
It will be just like waking
up from a nap or from a sleep.
So for now, please click
on any audio you think
is relevant to
you in the series.
Find a comfortable position
where you can fully relax,
and let go, maybe
on a bed or a chair.
And close your eyes to begin.